Romanesque Culture Work (#97)
loup99/BP: WtWSMS/common/culture/cultures/BP_central_germanic.txt

		#Ritual Traditions
		tradition_concubines #Needed for Germanic christians to have polygomy
		#Realm Traditions

> 		tradition_mountain_homes #Monterrei is all mountains and were nestled in teh Carpathians ca. AD Ist Century

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		tradition_mountain_homes #Monterrei is all mountains and were nestled in the Carpathians ca. 1st Century AD 
```
